refactor(elevation): migrate to fast element (#211)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/elevation/README.md

# vwc-elevation

The _elevation_ component enables a user to set perceived elevation to a certain level.  

> ***Note: This component is responsible for the perceived elevation alone and not to DOM elements z-indexing.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: This component is responsible for the perceived visual elevation alone and not to the HTML elements stacking context.**
```

> **Note: This component is responsible for the perceived visual elevation alone and not to the HTML elements stacking context.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: This component is responsible for the perceived visual elevation alone and not for the HTML elements stacking context.**
```
